Chapter 1 Practice Questions:

1).     Which of the following are operators, and which are values?
                *       -- This is the operator for multiplication.
                'hello' -- This is a value of type str.
                -88.8   -- This is a value of type float.
                -       -- This is the operator for subtraction.
                /       -- This is the operator for division.
                +       -- This is the operator for addition.
                5       -- This is a value of type int.

2).     Which of the following is a variable, and which is a string.
                spam    -- This is a variable.
                'spam'  -- This is a string.

3).     Name three data types.
                Floats, integers, and strings.

4).     What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
                An expression is made up of values and operators, and can be evaluated down to a single value. An expression can be substituted whereever a value can be placed.

5).     This chapter introduced assignment statements, like spam=10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
                While an expression is defined above, a statement is a simple expression that an action be executed. For example, in an assignment statement a variable may be defined (e.g., spam=10).

6).     What does the variable "bacon" contain after the following two expressions?
        bacon = 20 # bacon is assigned the int value of 20.
        bacon + 1  # 1 is added to the value of bacon, but bacon is not reassigned to the result of this expression.
                bacon contains the value 20 after these lines.

7).     What should the following two expressions evaluate to?
        'spam' + 'spamspam'
        'spam' * 3
                Both statments evaluate to a single string of 'spamspamspam'.

8).     Why is "eggs" a valid variable name while "100" is invalid?
                Variables cannot start with a number.

9).     What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
                Respectively, int(), float(), and str().

10).    Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
        'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'
                An int value (99) is being added to a str value. 99 should be converted to a str first, i.e., str(99).